docs/translations.md, before:

# Status

| Language Code  | Language               | Percentage |
| -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------- |
| cs             | Czech                  | 71%        |
| de             | German                 | 74%        |
| en             | English                | 100%       |
| es             | Spanish                | 79%        |
| fa             | Persian                | 71%        |
| fr             | French                 | 78%        |
| hu             | Hungarian              | 72%        |
| pl             | Polish                 | 75%        |
| pt_BR          | Portuguese (Brazilian) | 79%        |
| pt_PT          | Portuguese (Portugal)  | 97%        |
| ru_RU          | Russian                | 99%        |
| tr             | Turkish                | 100%       |
| zh_CN          | Chinese (Simplified)   | 99%        |
| zh_TW          | Chinese (Traditional)  | 78%        |


# Notes For Translators:

- A translation editor (for example: Poedit) may be used for translating the ```.po``` files.

- Be careful about uppercase and lowercase letters.

- Send only ```.po``` files.


# Details For Some Texts:

- Boot VGA: Describes if a GPU is used during OS boot.

- CPU Affinity: Describes CPU cores on which a process can be run.

- Mass Storage: Describes unformatted state of a disk. Formatted and unformatted disk capacities are different.

- For texts that are related to systemd services, see: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/systemctl.1.html
  For example: Mask, Unmask, Enabled-Runtime, Unit File State, Sub-State, Static

- Form Factor, Locator and Bank Locator texts are used for RAM memory hardware.

Commit message:

Update localization (#16)
- Add translation instructions in README and
  translation file
- Let meson handle compilation of po files

docs/translations.md, after:

# Status

| Language Code  | Language               | Percentage |
| -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------- |
| cs             | Czech                  | 71%        |
| de             | German                 | 74%        |
| en             | English                | 100%       |
| es             | Spanish                | 79%        |
| fa             | Persian                | 71%        |
| fr             | French                 | 78%        |
| hu             | Hungarian              | 72%        |
| pl             | Polish                 | 75%        |
| pt_BR          | Portuguese (Brazilian) | 79%        |
| pt_PT          | Portuguese (Portugal)  | 97%        |
| ru_RU          | Russian                | 99%        |
| tr             | Turkish                | 100%       |
| zh_CN          | Chinese (Simplified)   | 99%        |
| zh_TW          | Chinese (Traditional)  | 78%        |


# Notes For Translators:

- Be careful about uppercase and lowercase letters.

To help translate **System Monitoring Center** in your favourite language follow these steps:
1. Go to [translations page](https://translations.launchpad.net/mamolinux/trunk/+pots/system-monitoring-center) on Launchpad.
2. Click on the language, you want to translate.
3. Translate strings.
4. Finally, click on **Save & Continue**.


# Details For Some Texts:

- Boot VGA: Describes if a GPU is used during OS boot.

- CPU Affinity: Describes CPU cores on which a process can be run.

- Mass Storage: Describes unformatted state of a disk. Formatted and unformatted disk capacities are different.

- For texts that are related to systemd services, see: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/systemctl.1.html
  For example: Mask, Unmask, Enabled-Runtime, Unit File State, Sub-State, Static

- Form Factor, Locator and Bank Locator texts are used for RAM memory hardware.
